TLS 1.3: Fix anti replay fail from GnuTLS (#6788)
Mbed-TLS/mbedtls: ChangeLog.d/gnutls_anti_replay_fail.txt

Bugfix
    * Fixes #6623. That is time unit issue. The unit of ticket age is seconds in
      MBedTLS and milliseconds in GnuTLS. If the real age is 10ms, it might be

>       1s(1000ms), as a result, the age of MBedTLS is bigger than GnuTLS server.

Author: I have reopen #6787 . And I think we should postpone this PR.

> we have to think about the new platform function carefully and probably do that separately. 

Do you mean move `mbedtls_ms_time` to another PR?

>       1s(1000ms), as a result, the age of MBedTLS is bigger than GnuTLS server.

Author: This PR has been re-organized. 

Now it preceding #6891 and the `mbedtls_ms_time` relative commits have been moved to the PR.

>       1s(1000ms), as a result, the age of MBedTLS is bigger than GnuTLS server.

Reviewer: That's all good. Thanks for creating a dedicating PR for `mbedtls_ms_time` and as I think you mentioned let's postpone the review of #6891 and of this PR.

>     * Fixes #6623. That is time unit issue. The unit of ticket age is seconds in
>       MBedTLS and milliseconds in GnuTLS. If the real age is 10ms, it might be
>       1s(1000ms), as a result, the age of MBedTLS is bigger than GnuTLS server.

Reviewer: What about rather something like:
```suggestion
    * Switch to milliseconds as the unit for ticket creation and reception time
       instead of seconds. That avoids rounding errors when computing the
       age of tickets compared to peer using a millisecond clock (observed
       with GnuTLS). Fixes #6623.
```
